don't see it and i love how it sounds now audio makes up for 50 of the video
now audio makes up for 50 of the video
now audio makes up for 50 of the video viewing experience so you want to make
viewing experience so you want to make
viewing experience so you want to make sure that you get good audio but it
sure that you get good audio but it
sure that you get good audio but it doesn't have to break the bank like mine
doesn't have to break the bank like mine
doesn't have to break the bank like mine now when it comes to the camera setup
now when it comes to the camera setup
now when it comes to the camera setup i'm so pumped because you already know i
i'm so pumped because you already know i
i'm so pumped because you already know i love the sony zve10 this is a compact 4k
love the sony zve10 this is a compact 4k
love the sony zve10 this is a compact 4k camera that shoots great video and has
camera that shoots great video and has
camera that shoots great video and has incredible autofocus and you never have
incredible autofocus and you never have
incredible autofocus and you never have to worry about being out of focus and i
to worry about being out of focus and i
to worry about being out of focus and i have a continuous power adapter so i
have a continuous power adapter so i
have a continuous power adapter so i don't have to worry about batteries
don't have to worry about batteries
don't have to worry about batteries which is a very smart investment if you
which is a very smart investment if you
which is a very smart investment if you don't want your batteries to die but
don't want your batteries to die but
don't want your batteries to die but we've made tons of videos on this camera
we've made tons of videos on this camera
we've made tons of videos on this camera it's totally one of my favorites
it's totally one of my favorites
it's totally one of my favorites especially for just simple videos as far
especially for just simple videos as far
especially for just simple videos as far as the lens goes i got the infamous
as the lens goes i got the infamous
as the lens goes i got the infamous sigma 16 millimeter lens and this lens
sigma 16 millimeter lens and this lens
sigma 16 millimeter lens and this lens gives you a perfect medium wide shot so